<% c++ #include "models.h" %>
<% c++ #include <iomanip> %>
<% skin sgskin %>
<% view CompanyProspectsFutureView uses sg::web::models::CProspectChartFuture %>

<% template render() %>

<script type="text/javascript">
    
    var url<%= chartid%> = location.protocol.concat("//").
        concat(window.location.hostname).concat(":").
        concat(location.port).concat('/gj/<%= RefId %>');

    var chart<%= chartid%> = null;
    var data<%= chartid%> = null;

    function errorHandler<%= chartid%>(err)
    {
        // err = { id , message, detailedMessage }
    }
    
    function drawVisualization<%= chartid%>() 
    {
        console.log("Loading chart");
        var postdata = [];
        postdata.push("productid=" + <%= ProductId %>);
        postdata.push("accounts=25");   // add comma seperated m (mappings) values.
        $.post(url<%= chartid%>, postdata.join("&"))
            .done(function(findata)
            {
                console.log("Data received");
                if (findata.length && findata.length < 2)
                {
                    document.getElementById('cchart<%= chartid%>').style.visibility = "hidden";
                    console.log("Nothing to load.");
                    return;
                }
                
                console.log("Loading datatable.");
                data<%= chartid%> = new google.visualization.DataTable(findata);
                var options = 
                {
                    title : '',
                    pointSize : 1,
                    curveType : "function",
                    //focusTarget : "category",   // or datum
                    enableInteractivity : true, // Whether the chart throws user-based events or reacts to user interaction. If false, the chart will not throw 'select' or other interaction-based events (but will throw ready or error events), and will not display hovertext or otherwise change depending on user input.
                    series: 
                        {
                            0 : 
                                { 
                                    color : "green", 
                                    annotations : 
                                        { 
                                            color : "blue" 
                                        } 
                                }
                                /*
                                , 
                            1 : 
                                { 
                                    color: "green", 
                                    annotations : 
                                        { 
                                            color : "green" 
                                        }
                                } 
                                */
                        }
                };
                console.log("drawing chart...");
                chart<%= chartid%> = new google.visualization.LineChart(document.getElementById('cchart<%= chartid%>'));
                chart<%= chartid%>.draw(data<%= chartid%>, options);
                console.log("Done.");
            })
            .error(function(x)
            {
                console.log("Error:" + JSON.toString(x));
                $("#cchart_<%= chartid%>").html("<font cpassword:olor='red'>Failed to draw chart. Data not available.</font>");
            });
    }

    google.setOnLoadCallback(drawVisualization<%= chartid%>);       
    
</script>

<div class="floatbox">
    <text class="fdmcosumformula_header"><%= title %></text>
    <div class="fdmcosumformula_config" id="dashboard<%= chartid%>">
        <div>
            Below is a future revenue estimate for <%= Prospects.get_SecurityInfo()->get_Symbol() %>:<%= Prospects.get_SecurityInfo()->get_Exchange() %> 
            during the next earnings quarter
            <% if (!content.Prospects.get_SecurityInfo()->get_NextEarningsReportDate().IsInvalid()) %>
            &nbsp;reported on&nbsp;
            <%  Prospects.get_SecurityInfo()->get_NextEarningsReportDate() %>.
            <% end %>

            <div class="fdmprospectsdisclaimer">
                Disclaimer: <i> We are utilizing an internally developed mathematical model that is able to 
                predict future revenues by analyzing macro economics data, non-systematic risk, 
                competition data and the company fundamentals. The predicted result may not be correct in some cases. It is your responsibility
                to compare the predicted result with publicly available analyst estimates before making any decision
                to invest in the stock. We are offering this as a public service without taking any liability to losses
                you may incur in your investments.</i>
            </div>
        </div>        
        <table>
            <tr>
                <td>
                    <% c++ if (!content.get_Error().empty()) { %>
                        <div style="padding: 25pt; color: red">
                        <%= get_Error() %>
                        </div>
                    <% c++ } else { %>
                        <div class="fdmprospectschart" id="cchart<%= chartid%>">Loading chart...</div>
                    <% c++ } %>
                </td>
            </tr>
        </table>
        <div>
            Statistically calculated average quarterly revenue growth (upto 5yrs) is <% c++ out() << std::setprecision(2) << std::fixed << content.RevAvg; %>% with a growth risk (stddev) of &plusmn<%  c++ out() << std::setprecision(2) << std::fixed << content.Risk; %>%.<br>
            The revenue growth predicted by our system for next quarter is <% c++ out() << std::setprecision(2) << std::fixed << content.PredRevGrowth; %>%.<br>
            This difference should be noted in your decision on investing in this company.
        </div>        
    </div>       
</div>

<% end template %>
<% end view %>
<% end skin %>